---
title: Panther
permalink: Panther
redirect_from:
- TagGen
- TagGenerator
- Axeon_Deltari_Build_Tag_Generator
---

The **Panther Version Number Utility**, commonly reffered to as **Panther** (formerly known as *TagGen* and the *Axeon Deltari Build Tag Generator*) is a component present in *[Deltari](Deltari)* (including [subquesent](Deltari_Meta) [forks](KuroWiki)) and *[Project Cuber](Cuber)* designed to automatically generate a new version number after each build. It uses a modified version of the [Microsoft Windows version number format](https://betawiki.net/wiki/Build_tag) for version numbers, commonly reffered to as *build tags*. 


Build tags were introduced as early as [the first *KuroWiki* build](KuroWikii_build_3567_(main_wik)) but were not automatically generated with each site build until September 2025 following the release of Beta 4.

# Format

The build tag format used by *TagGen* is identical as developer builds of Microsoft Windows, consisting of a major and minor version, followed by a build number, a build identifier, the build lab, and a timestamp, all separated by a period.

The *major and minor versions* are the product version of a Deltari compile, it usually doesn't change unless a new development phase has began.

A *build number* is the unique version number given to a compile of *Deltari* or *KuroWiki*, it differenciates that specific build to any other build. It is automatically increased by TagGen on site build and if Debug mode is enabled in the site's `_config.yml` file (via adding `debug: true`).

A *build identifier* (also known as a *build ID*) is a suffix added between the build number and build lab that states the build configuration and development phase of the build. It consists of the build phase followed by the build configuration (`fre` for retail builds, `chk` for debug builds) and was introduced in the end of *KuroWiki* Beta 6's development.<br>Known build IDs are `dpchk` (*Developer Preview Checked*) and `rc1fre` (*Release Candidate 1 Free*), to name a few.

A *build lab* refers to the source code branch where the build was compiled from, known build labs are `kayaurora`, `kitsixtyfour` (formerly `nekori64`), `main` and `mdelta_N`. Other build labs, such as `kuro_escro` or `springviewer`, are known to exist but are deprecated.<br>Private builds add a `private/` prefix to the build lab, followed by the username of the account who initiated the build process in parenthesis.<br>Recent versions of *TagGen* also introduced the `YY-MM-DD_USER` format, which is used when the Git branch cannot be fetched. An example of this format can be `26-02-10_kit`, which means that the build was compiled on 10 February 2026 by the acccount `kit`.

*Buffer branches* are branches designed to merge back-and-forth the source code between the developer branches (`kitsixtyfour` and `kayaurora`) and release branches thanks to a process called forward integration, where changes made to `main` are first merged to `mdelta_N`, cleaned up, then merged to `kitsixtyfour` and `kayaurora`. The same applied for reverse integration, where the lab would first integrate changes into the buffer branch before integrating them into the main branch. Prior to the development of KuroWiki Release Candidate 1, the `nekori64` (now `kitsixtyfour`) and `kayaurora` branches would first merge to `main`, then several builds were compiled to fix merge errors. Due to the code being in the `main` branch, such releases were dubbed *Interim Developer Release*(s) and were released publicly.<br>The `dmeta_N` (standing for *Deltari Meta N*) branch is a *middle-man branch*, which fetches releases from `main` or `kuro_rc1` in order to have an updated codebase of *Deltari*.

The *timestamp* is generated in the `YYmmDD-HHss` format (i. e. 251230-1233, a.k.a 30 December 2025 at 12:33 pm). The time zone of the timestamp depends of the account it was compiled from; builds compiled by [Kit](KitSixtyFour) are compiled in the CST (UTC-6) time zone, while builds compiled by [Avery](AveryEclipse) are in the CET (UTC+1) or CEST (UTC+2) time zones,[^1] depending of *Daylight Saving Time* status.

Putting all of the information into account, KuroWiki build 6.0.4268.b6fre.private/springviewer(neko64).251201-1551 is the debug/checked compile of build 4268 from the `springviewer` branch, compiled by the account `neko64` on 1 December 2025 at 3:51 pm UTC-6.

# Usage

Build tags and numbers generated by TagGen are automatically written to `resources/ruby/buildtag` and `resources/ruby/version`, respectively, and can be called via the Jekyll `site.version` Liquid syntax. For example, the build ID can be solely called via `{{ site.version.id }}` syntax. The syntaxes are respectively `major` for the major version, `minor` for the minor version, `build` for the build number, `id` for the build ID, `lab` for the build lab, and `timestamp` for the timestamp. The full build tag can also be called via `{{ site.version.full }}`

# Notes
[^1]: Previously EET (UTC+2) or EEST (UTC+3), also depending on *Daylight Saving Time* status.